Cloud changelog June 16th (#4642)
mattermost/docs: source/cloud/cloud-administration/cloud-changelog.md

This changelog summarizes updates to [Mattermost Cloud](https://mattermost.com/get-started/), an enterprise-grade SaaS offering hosted by Mattermost.

## Release 2021-06-16

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - In the at-mention autocomplete, the user’s nickname is no longer shown when (you) is present.

>  - Added two new fields in the ``CustomStatus`` struct and modified the APIs to validate and handle them to add support for expiry support in custom status APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added two new fields in the ``CustomStatus`` struct, and modified the APIs to validate and handle them to add support for expiry support in custom status APIs.
```

 - Updated the help text on the **Add Users** channel modal.
 - Updated the webapp to pass `collapsed_threads_supported` parameters to the server to indicate that the WebApp supports collapsed reply threads. Also updated the WebApp to correctly mark channels and threads as unread/read when marking root and reply posts as unread/read.

#### Administration

>  - The platform binary file is removed from the distribution files. It should be replaced by mattermost binary file if it is being used in scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The platform binary file has been removed from the distribution files. It should be replaced by the Mattermost binary file if it's being used in scripts.
```

 - Improved memory performance for large image uploads, particularly PNGs with transparency.

### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue where users were unable to set a custom status emoji via slash command by adding the logic for detecting unicode emoji and setting it as custom status emoji via slash commands.
 - Fixed an issue where messages with fallback text were repeated.

### Known Issues

>  - Pinned posts are no longer highlighted.

Author: Nevy had said that it will be fixed as part of other work that UI Platform is working on. She would have more details.
